There's a full moon out tonight, Sasuke.
What…?
Come on out…
Nine Tails!
Itachi's Story - Light and Darkness: The Genius
What is this sensation?
There, there…
Don't cry, Sasuke.
No matter what happens, your big brother will definitely protect you…
Summoning Jutsu!
No way!
Go, Nine Tails!
It's okay. There, there!
It's the Nine Tails!
The Demon Fox is on the loose!
What's going on?!
Just run, you idiot!
Sasuke!
It's okay. You got a little scared, huh?
This is an announcement from the Leaf Police!
All civilians are to evacuate to the southeast shelter!
The southeast shelter!
Dad! Mom!
Come here!
Itachi!
Hurry!
Okay!
We're going to the shelter.
This way! Hurry!
Mom!
Keep going.
Itachi?
Everyone will be there.
Please stay calm!
You're safe here!
Father!
I knew you would be all right.
Get to the shelter quickly.
Okay.
We drove it out of the village.
Don't let up. Keep attacking!
Just about everyone has been evacuated.
Captain, we'll go after the Nine Tails as well.
The Leaf Police Force is to remain and protect the civilians.
But Captain!
These are the Village's orders.
What was that just now?!
Looks like they sealed the Nine Tails…
…somehow.
Many lives were lost
including the Fourth Hokage Minato and his wife, Kushina…
The facts behind the incident are still unknown…
Life is born…
But for now, let us mourn our comrades…
And life…dies.
Itachi!
Thank you for before…
Because of you, I was safe!
I'm glad you didn't die.
Your younger sister?
Younger brother.
Can I hold him?
No.
Why not?
I don't want him to cry.
You're not gonna cry, are you?
There, there!
Aww, come on!
The Nine Tails' attack caused devastation throughout the village.
For the reconstruction,
we've decided to revise a number of the village's boundaries.
We'd like the Aburame Clan to move into this district.
The clan previously submitted a request to occupy the forest,
so we took that into consideration.
The Nara Clan's territory was not part of the stricken area,
so they will remain where they are.
The Leaf Police Force headquarters which sustained damage,
will be rebuilt here.
And the Uchiha Clan will move along with the headquarters…
Lord Danzo!
The Uchiha Clan makes up the Leaf Police Force
that protects the Hidden Leaf.
As such, that location is too far from the village center.
We wouldn't be able to act swiftly in an emergency.
We have the ANBU Black Ops for such emergencies.
The Leaf Police has to commute to the training grounds, does it not?
This location is near an area that's ideal for training.
You can use that area exclusively for the Uchiha's training grounds.
Continuing on…
In conjunction with the reconstruction of the Leaf Police Headquarters,
the Uchiha Clan will also relocate.
Home and buildings that were spared will be…
During the Nine Tails Incident,
we Uchiha were not called upon because they feared that
we would use our Sharingan to manipulate the Nine Tails.
Even worse, there are some who say
that the Uchiha caused the Nine Tails Incident!
They are sending us to the outskirts of the village in order to keep an eye on us!
This is just like during the Second Hokage's era
when the Uchiha were rounded up and isolated in one part of the village!
This time, it's even farther away!
The village suspects us!
Captain, we can't accept this decision!
We should reject it outright!
Captain!
You are absolutely right.
But the other clans have accepted their respective relocations as well.
The Uchiha cannot be the lone voice of dissent.
But Captain!
I'll do what I can to negotiate the conditions.
But we must accept the move.
Pass the word around. That is all.
Dismissed.
How do you feel?
Let's go and see it, Father.
The new training grounds.
I like it here.
Is that so?
Father, teach me jutsu…
Generational Uchiha Jutsu… through the generations.
All right!
This is a fundamental Uchiha Ninjutsu…
Fire Style: Fireball Jutsu.
All right, the signs are…
I did it!
What a surprise.
That's my boy.
We'll be moving in no time, huh?
Yeah.
What's the matter?
We're surrounded…
I wish it was my imagination, but…
What is it?
It's nothing…
"In no time," huh? The same could be said about you, Itachi.
Since you're going to be six years old soon.
CONGRATULATIONS ON ENTERING THE ACADEMY
Congratulations on your acceptance into the Academy, everyone!
From this day forth,
do your best to reach your goals to become a shinobi.
I'm sure some of you have already been taught ninjutsu in your households…
But here at the Academy, you will also train
to coordinate and work together as a team when you are in a group.
The fundamentals are very important, make sure you learn them well.
All right, Kamano. What's the answer?
I don't know!
Then…Itachi?
The seal is for the Water Style: Water Bomb Jutsu.
Correct.
Keep that in mind everyone.
It will be on the test.
Itachi…Come at me.
All right!
Begin!
The match is over!
Okay, okay…
Sorry, Sasuke. Some other time, okay?
Welcome home, Father!
Please teach me jutsu!
Jutsu?
Aren't they teaching you at the Academy?
It's too easy.
I guess it would be for you.
Wait for me at the training grounds.
Okay!
Make sure you're home by dinner.
Got it!
Look over there! It's Itachi!
Where?
Oh, he's walking. He's so cool!
Oh, he's looking this way!
This is not good.
Don't you think, gentlemen?
For his sake,
if he gets swept up by all of this and gets the wrong idea…
I agree.
He's stuck up!
It's me! He's looking at me!
No, it's me!
He started walking again!
Itachi's walking!
He's walking!
It's decided then…
- Yeah! - Right!
Ouch!
Don't jump out at us like that, idiot!
"Idiot"? Who are you calling "idiot"?
You guys must be freshmen!
You…
…run into someone…
and call 'em an "idiot"…?
You ran into us!
What did you say?!
Hold it!
Who the hell are you?
A friend of theirs?
All the freshmen this year are…
…stuck up!
- Wow! - Wow!
Take him to the infirmary.
O-Okay.
Itachi, you're really strong, my friend!
"My friend"?
Even upperclassmen are easy targets for you, sir!
"Sir"?
Move it, move it!
Master Itachi is coming through!
"Master"?
Make way!
It's Master Itachi!
- Move it! Make way! - Stop it…
- Outta the way! - Please…
Don't…
There is birth…
and death…
Life…
flocks together…
SHINOBI
What is a shinobi?
What is a village?
First in every class, according to your progress report…
That's my boy.
Father…
Hmm?
Teach me jutsu.
I want to know more about being a shinobi.
In cases like this, always make sure you have an escape route.
This is important. If you're in a four-man team…
You're very talented for your age.
I'm no match for you, Shisui.
Oh come on…
What's wrong?
Does the Academy bore you so much that you're ditching?
I'm not ditching.
You guys! That's unfair!
What's with that look?
Hey! Cut it out!
Hey you, stop!
Itachi!
Take this!
What happened?
He disappeared?!
Yeah, he disappeared! He disappeared!
That's a clone…
No…
It's a Shadow Clone Jutsu!
What's the matter?
I have to get back.
You do?
Shisui…
Why is there fighting in life?
Who knows?
But…
If the fighting can be stopped, I'd like to stop it.
Me too!
See you later.
Aside from the clone jutsu
which is a requirement for graduating the Academy,
Itachi Uchiha has already mastered the Shadow Clone Jutsu, a forbidden jutsu.
He excels in all other subjects.
There's no purpose in keeping him at the Academy any longer.
Isn't he just a freshman?
Yes.
That doesn't matter. This has happened before.
That was a different era.
This is not the age of war.
The boy is a genius, no?
I've never seen a student like him.
So it will be better for Itachi to let him graduate?
Graduate?
After only a year at the Academy?
Yeah.
The teacher said as long as both parents agree.
They want to talk to you at school.
I see…
That's my boy.
GRADUATES' INFORMATION SESSION Graduates!
You will now be assigned missions from the village.
We'll be forming three-man teams led by one jonin…
and you will be undertaking your mission under their guidance.
And now, I will announce the teams!
Big Brother! What is this?
This is…from back then!
Life is born, and life dies…
But life is saved again…
Well…
When I saved them back then, I didn't really have any deep feelings.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "The Pain of Living"
It just affected me…
Itachi's Story - Light and Darkness: The Pain of Living
Tune in again!